So now you see when we click run, uh we
can move the player around and it looks
great until you move the player to the
left. Now, you'd
expect the player to rotate
when you move him to the
left, but that doesn't happen. You'd
expect him to flip around as you can see
in that example. But this is actually
fairly easy to fix. So let dir equal
right. He's going to start facing to the
right. Then down here in
arrow left, we're going to make him point
to the left, and then arrow right,
dir equals right, like this.
Now down in drawPlayer, we're going to
add dir, like
this. And we're going to change how we
render the player with the
image. Now, I'm not going to explain
exactly why this works. That will
take a lot of time and it will
be quite confusing. So I'm just
going to go through this and you
can learn how this works later. So if
d=left and then else we're going to
do the draw.image we already have,
like this. Now we're going to copy the
draw.image and we're going to paste it up
in left. It's going to be exactly the
same, except x is going to be
negative x minus 128.
And above here, we're going to go
draw.save,
draw.scale, negative 1,
1, and
then underneath the image, draw.restore.
Now when we click run, we see that it
works exactly the same and going left the
player rotates and it looks really good.